{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18280\viewh23540\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
COVER STORY:\
Welcome! We're studying how various factors, like the amount of reward that\'92s at stake, impact players' enjoyment of simple online games.\
\
\
EXPLANATION OF THE (FICTIONAL) WEBSITE:\
You'll be playing a series of simple games with other people.\
\
You'll be using a new social gaming website that's currently being tested at college campuses nationwide.\
\
The players you'll be partnered with today are members of the website who regularly use the site and its associated social network.\
\
Players can choose their 'Top 5' friends on the site, whose pictures are displayed alongside their own profile picture, like this:\
[picture of someone\'92s \'91profile picture\'92 with all 5 friends\'92 pictures shown]\
\
Due to most users\'92 privacy settings, new users like you can only see those friends' faces if you've interacted with them before on the site. Players' friends who you haven't encountered before will look like this: \
[picture of blue circle containing a question mark]\
\
Therefore, when you haven't encountered any of your partner's friends before, you'll see something like this:\
[picture of the same person\'92s profile picture with friends\'92 faces replaced with circles containing question marks, as shown in Fig. 1 of the study outline]\
\
\
EXPLANATION OF THE GAME:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Today you\'92ll be playing 3 blocks of games. Each block will last 5-10 minutes.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In Block 1, you\'92ve been assigned to play the Investment Game. In each round of the Investment Game, you\'92ll start with a sum of money. Any amount of that sum that you choose to invest will be tripled and delivered to your partner. Your partner can then choose how much of the tripled sum to keep, and how much of it to give back to you. If you choose not to invest anything, you\'92ll keep all of the money that you started with that round.\
\
To give you a sense of how to play the Investment Game, we\'92ll go through a couple of \'91practice rounds\'92 now.\
\
[practice rounds]\
\
\
INSTRUCTIONS FOR BLOCK 1\
\
Great, now we\'92re ready to begin! Press \'91Next\'92  to begin Block 1 of games\'85\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [15 rounds per partner; 4 partners; 2 trustworthy (mean offer = 50%); 2 untrustworthy (mean offer = 5%). Counterbalance which face is assigned to which personality (trustworthy/untrustworthy) across participants]\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
INSTRUCTIONS FOR BLOCK 2\
That\'92s the end of Block 1. In Block 2 you\'92ll be playing the Investment Game again.\
\
In this block, you\'92ll be playing with a new set of partners. You might encounter your partners from Block 1 later on today, but in Block 2, you\'92ll be playing with all new people.\
\
If one of your new partners is friends with someone you\'92ve played with before, you\'92ll be able to see that person\'92s face instead of a question mark.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Press the \'91Next\'92 button to begin Block 2 of games\'85\
\
[15 rounds with 6 partners: 3 trustworthy (1 friend of an untrustworthy Block 1 partner; 1 friend of a trustworthy Block 1 partner; 1 person with no known friends); 3 untrustworthy (1 friend of an untrustworthy Block 1 partner; 1 friend of a trustworthy Block 1 partner; 1 person with no known friends)]\
\
You\'92ve now completed Block 2! \
\
\
INSTRUCTIONS FOR BLOCK 3:\
We really want to hear about your enjoyment of the games you played today. To ensure that your session today doesn\'92t run overtime, we\'92re now going to move on to the post-game feedback session rather than having you complete Block 3. \
\
How much did you enjoy playing the Trust Game? \
[rate on a slider bar or multiple choice/radio buttons; this is just to preserve the participant\'92s belief that we\'92re looking at game enjoyment as the DV]\
\
Please indicate anything that you particularly liked about the game, and any changes that you think might make the game more enjoyable. [textbox for them to enter their response into]\
\
How likely would you be to play this game for the chance to win prizes (e.g., money, gift certificates) in your free time?\
[rate on a slider bar or multiple choice/radio buttons; this is just to preserve the participant\'92s belief that we\'92re looking at game enjoyment as the DV]\
\
You may have the chance to be invited back to complete a cooperative puzzle-solving game with a partner. If this happens, we\'92ll do our best to follow your preferences in assigning you a partner. Please rate how much you would like to be paired with each partner who you played with today on a 7-point scale (1 = not at all, 7 = definitely yes).\
[participants see the face of each partner they played with and select a number from 1-7 using a slider bar or radio buttons]\
\
If there\'92s any other feedback you\'92d like to provide us about your experience today, please take a moment to share it now.\
[textbox for them to enter their response]\
\
Thank you! You\'92ve now completed the session. Please notify the experimenter.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}